[July 27-8, 2021] CodeQL package manager: update CodeQL CLI docs (beta) (#6339)
github/codeql: docs/codeql/codeql-cli/codeql-cli-reference.rst

   :titlesonly:
   :hidden:

   about-codeql-packs
   about-ql-packs
   query-reference-files
   sarif-output
   exit-codes

> - :doc:`About CodeQL packs <about-codeql-packs>`: CodeQL packs are created with the CodeQL package manager and are used to create, depend on, publish, and run CodeQL queries and libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :doc:`About CodeQL packs <about-codeql-packs>`: CodeQL packs are created with the CodeQL CLI and are used to create, depend on, publish, and run CodeQL queries and libraries.
```
Not sure if my suggestion is the best wording, but it might be a little confusing to mention a "CodeQL package manager" when it's really just a set of new commands in the existing CLI.
It might also be sensible to say "...created with the `codeql pack create`" command..."

Reviewer 2: Great point. Since this is just a brief introduction, I think your suggestion works well.
